hello welcome again to Sevilla festival
thank you and it is already the fourth
time are you serious especially say so
well no the specialists are completely
different people that I you know those
those people are there other ones who
really can you dick themselves the the
works not so known I am fortunate enough
to sing the good stuff that other people
did for me and well I've been doing a
lot of Sebelius and I love it DNA so I
yeah it's great to be back and now we
have the same is concert here
well first of all it makes me very proud
to be a Finn because the way the how the
world has been created in just in text
it's so amazing and so special and
unique and the way that Sebelius has
composed it though this shamanistic
atmosphere is it's really it's it's one
of the best pieces I've ever done and
I've often said to people when I've been
asked that if I should only sing one or
two pieces my whole rest of the career
so the one would be one of that the
other may be boring but and then we have
three songs by CBN News which is not
very well known how do you find them it
is your own choice well I I happen to be
involved when when the oxidation was
premiered it was it's it's made by Becca
Harris war and they are quite new that
we did two years ago
first time so I think that's why they
picked those so there are never been
heard here and something bit at the
novelty or the audience now in Lodi
how do describe these songs again they
they make rather a nice combo with with
Lorna dark because they are very much
about nature the texts are describing
nature stuff the birds and the flowers
and the butterflies and so it's very
very nice to hear kind of another side
of finished nature because Lorna tar is
very strong and kind of dark these are
lighter and got a smaller they're kind
of miniature